VOODOO808.COM

Lets make a new shop with digital files where we are able to view, buy digital products and listen to preview audio when needed.  there is a user icon symbol in the top right corner with 16px padding. When this user icon is clicked on, a new page is opened called přihlásit se. type in fields have 1px stroke with   all elements on this page and all other pages are black and white  when new page is opened, all elements should fade in from 0 to 100 opacity instead of just appearing normally. 

There are 2 page titles in the header area alligned with 16px padding in the top left corner. And there is also a voodoo808 logo (attached) the voodoo808 logo is the most to the left and 12px away to the right is BEATY title and 12px to the right from that is ZVUKY   all fonts used are Helvetica Neue regular  BEATY page shows a big voodoo808 logo (metallic logo - also attached)  below this logo we have a playlist with beats (sound files the admin can upload) each beat shows in a individual line with the title of the beat and additional information with 4px padding. Information such as bpm, key and type beat info (artist names like chief keef type beat can be written by admin when adding the beat through admin panel  there should also be admin page accessible by the admin. Admin can add Beaty and zvuky.  Beaty page also shows a player for the beats. When beat is selected, it can be previewed and a proper sound wave is created for each beat when it’s being played. All corners have either 2px or 4px radius - you decide.  There is one important step I want to take properly, let me explain: In past, me and you coded an e-shop that is currently live at ufosport.cz  I have the code on GitHub for this eshop and its on this url: https://github.com/ravehero3/cink.git   I have the code in zip form if you need it.  Its important that we dont damage the current shop at ufosport.cz  instead we want to copy mostly everything in the code but make a new shop from it. This new shop is called „swag“ and I created a new GitHub depository for it on this url: https://github.com/ravehero3/swag.git   lets take what we need from the cink code and lets leave what we dont need.  our SWAG shop will have the same architecture as sink shop, BUT:

SWAG will not need zasilkovna and delivery of products should be handled by email.  SWAG will have a separate database of users and instead of showing pages like VOODOO808, SPACE LOVE, etc.. it will show pages like the voodoo808 logo, BEATY page and ZVUKY page.  when adding products in SWAG, the information is not like in CINK, where the products are clothing, but instead bundles of sounds. The information for each of these can be found on my current website: www.voodoo808.com/soundkits (please have a look into the products on my current website and realise what type of products these are) our product info and displayed should be different than products on CINK because we are no longer selling clothing, but digital products.   on single product page in SWAG, we should not see VELIKOST & FIT OR THE PÉČE O PRODUKT, or even DOPRAVA ZDARMA, VRÁCENÍ ZDARMA. Instead we want to see:  INFORMACE O PRODUKTU POČET ZVUKŮ
LEGÁLNÍ INFORMACE
INFO O AUTOROVI KOMENTÁŘE OD KUPUJÍCÍCH 

the admin should be able to change these when adding or editing the product to the product grid  there should also be preview option to play the preview of the beat. (Admin should be able to upload/manage this preview beat)  we should also have a working BEATY page with a beat player and list of beats the user can either play or share. Also the beat can be added into cart and paid later on.   here is my current website with Beaty page: https://voodoo808.com/beat/dark-playboi-carti-x-osamason-type-beat-cobra-heavy-20052555  test it and checkout all features. We want to be able to remake this into a fully working BEATY page which admin can upload their beats to.   the admin panel should have these options:  OBJEDNÁVKY (to see what customers ordered)  BEATY (to add beats to the BEATY page to be sold)  ZVUKY (to add sound kits to the ZVUKY PAGE)  PROMO KODY (to be able to make and manage promo codes for customers)  NEWSLETTER (to manage users that signed up for the newsletter)
 CONTRACTS (to manage individual contracts)  
Lets make sure on ZVUKY page, the admin can upload the files that are needed:  ZIP/RAR file (download link to this will be sent to customer when he orders and succesfully pays) (this option has a white upload button with 1px black outline - all of this is in admin panel)  PREVIEW AUDIO file (this option has a white upload button with 1px black outline - all of this is in admin panel)  ARTWORK: (below it we have edit artwork button to be able to change the crop of the current image or upload a new image  TITLE: (TYPE IN FIELD)  Release date:  Description: type in field that is 6 lines high and can be higher if more text is added.  Visibility (either Private, Public or Unlisted) one option is selected and PUBLIC is preselected

Metadata: Tags (up to 10)  Number of Sounds:  Pricing: either  REGULAR: Price: (CZK) or FREE: free archive file (.ZIP or .RAR) - EMAIL (exchanged for customers email which should then be added to the customer email database) there should be option to click on this: You can customize your Contracts here. (Which will lead to the contracts page) 

TYPE: (dropdown menu to select 1 option: Drum Kit, One Shot Kit, Loop Kit, One shot kit Bundle, Drum kit Bundle)  There should also be a button with PUBLISH (this button makes sure the sound kit is released on the zvuky page containing all information and files we selected (uploaded)  When customer buys a beat or a drum kit (or other type of sound kit from the ZVUKY page) an order is created. The customer should automatically receive an email with the order details and the user can click on a link in the email to see the order on our shop in their customer account and the user is able to download the file 5x maximum.  Please think of everything I didnt think of to make this work  Also everything the customer sees when visiting our shop should be in Czech language so let’s make sure this works.   attached files:  1. voodoo808 logo (to be placed in the top left corner with 16px padding  2. big Metallic  logo voodoo808  please ask me any questions if you need to to make this fully working.       