Poslat1

i checked the EMAILY tab and i love what you did!
is it possible to show a preview of the email? i want to have full control in how the email will look so maybe we would benefit it if we had a preview of the email. meaning not just txt but actual preview of how the email will look when it arrives to the inbox

Also the admin should have the possibility to delete orders (to delete the test ones we created)  also when we click on pause button, the sound wave should pause but it shouldnt dissappear.  also I would like to add a option for each user to add a profile picture to their ucet.   also I would like to implement a new feature that will let users comment under beats. The new comment section appears as a pill with „napište komentář“ type in field that lets users add comments to specific areas in the beat.   the sound wave of the timeline should be separated by a horizontal line that goes through the whole sound wave. Lower part of the sound wave that is separated by the black line is 10percent more grey than the top portion.  each timeline shows the full beat length at the end of the black line in a small grey letters with small black rectangle around the time information. It shows the time like: 1:47  the left edge of the timeline soundwave should show the time of the beat that is currently being played (for example 0:10) it also has black rectangle around the time information  hovering over specific parts of the timeline changes the number - time information that appears on the left part of the timeline soundwave  the part of the beat that has already been played is white  clicking onto the timeline lets users comment on the particular timestamp. A small profile picture version of the user appears on that time stamp  hovering over the timeline makes the timeline soundwave a little bit more white  hovering over the small profile picture of the user shows his message  when the comment section appears it shows a mini version of users profile picture next to the type in field that lets users comment. There should also be a send button   
  there should also be a small indicators of how many users saved the beat and how many comments there are (but only when the beat is being played and we are able to comment on it)  