Lets change the „featured track“ text to Beat týdne  change the ZVUKY A PRESETY font to Helvetica Neue condensed bold   lets make sure the hover rectangle around the beat in Beaty playlist has 4px radius on corners.   lets also make sure the rectangle around the beat in Beaty playlist has blue glow that is consistent all around the hover rectangle with rounded corners. Currently I see a thicker blue glow above the selected beat in Beaty playlist  lets make sure the featured track has the add to cart button below the title of the featured track. Next to this button we want to see a new dark grey button with download icon and next to it another button with share icon.   lets implement a new feature: tags each beat can have up to 3 tags which show as a new row option with title TAGY in the Beaty playlist.   tag is a dark grey pill shape with dark grey text  each tag has hover effect that it starts floating around, but only very slightly  when tag is clicked, the BEATY page is opened   the Beaty page should show a Beaty playlist like we see on the main page, but unlike the one on the main page, the BEATY page should show a Beaty playlist that can hold up to 1000 beats.   12 beats are shown in the playlist on the Beaty page and as soon as the user starts scrolling down, more beats start appearing after loading.  above the Beaty playlist on Beaty page, we want to see a search bar that shows magnifying glass icon and Co za beat momentálně hledáte? The search bar should be dark mode  The green square in header that appears after user adds 1 or more products into kosik, should have 2px padding and should be 2px from the right edge of the page as well. it should also show number in Helvetica Neue regular and the font should be 2px bigger

Also move the + sign in the add to cart button 4px to right   also make the add to cart button 8px less tall and 8px less wide. Also the text in the add to cart should not be so thick as it is currently  also move the price tag in add to cart button 4px to right  also make the play button in the player panel smaller so it has 12px padding from top and bottom    